[Console] Remove deprecated code (#60721)
symfony/symfony: UPGRADE-8.0.md

To upgrade, make sure to resolve all deprecation notices.
Read more about this in the [Symfony documentation](https://symfony.com/doc/8.0/setup/upgrade_major.html).

Console
-------

 * Remove methods `Command::getDefaultName()` and `Command::getDefaultDescription()` in favor of the `#[AsCommand]` attribute

   *Before*
   ```php
   use Symfony\Component\Console\Command\Command;

   class CreateUserCommand extends Command
   {
       public static function getDefaultName(): ?string
       {
           return 'app:create-user';
       }

       public static function getDefaultDescription(): ?string
       {
           return 'Creates users';
       }

       // ...
   }
   ```

   *After*
   ```php
   use Symfony\Component\Console\Attribute\AsCommand;
   use Symfony\Component\Console\Command\Command;

   #[AsCommand(name: 'app:create-user', description: 'Creates users')]
   class CreateUserCommand
   {
       // ...
   }
   ```

>  * Require parameter types and an integer return value in a `\Closure` set via `Command::setCode()` method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `\Closure` set via `Command::setCode()` requires parameter types and an integer return value
```
